FTC Identity Theft Affidavit Example Text:   I am  fi ling this FTC Identity Theft A ffi davit to report 3 separate fraudulent accounts appearing   on my consumer FICO credit report which I do not recognize as reported and which are the   result of identity theft and fraud. These fraudulent accounts consist of a personal credit card   account opened at American Express on April 28th, 2022 under the account number (private),   an auto loan account opened at Navy Federal Credit Union on March 13th, 2023 under the   account number (private), and a personal loan account opened at Pentagon Federal Credit   Union on February 9th, 2023 under the account number (private). These accounts have   resulted in several fraudulent hard inquiries and fraudulent collections appearing on my   consumer FICO credit report. I demand that the aforementioned fraudulent items be removed   from each of my consumer credit reports and that all collection activity related to said items   cease pursuant to my rights within the FCRA and FDCPA laws.  
  CFPB Complaint against Credit Reporting Agencies Text (separate complaint  fi led w/all 3   bureaus: Experian, TransUnion, and Equifax):   What happened (statement of pertinent facts): 
  Consumer Name: (Strawman Name Goes Here), Consumer Social Security Number: (Private   SSN), Consumer Date of Birth: (Private DOB), Contents of Complaint: This CFPB complaint has   been  fi led to request pursuant to FCRA § 605B (15 U.S.C. § 1681c-2) that you, the TransUnion   credit reporting agency, block information appearing on my consumer credit report that is the   result of identity theft and fraud within 4 business days of you receiving this complaint. This   fraudulent, inaccurate, and false information consists of a personal credit card account opened   at American Express on April 28th, 2022 under the account number (private), an auto loan   account opened at Navy Federal Credit Union on March 13th, 2023 under the account number   (private), a personal loan account opened at Pentagon Federal Credit Union on February 9th,   2023 under the account number (private), and a collections account opened at DNF Associates   on 12/01/2023 with a balance of $(private) that appears related to the aforementioned personal   loan account opened at Pentagon Federal Credit Union. These accounts have resulted in   several fraudulent hard inquiries and fraudulent collections appearing on my consumer FICO   credit report. I've attached a list of the hard inquiries in question as well as a copy of the   consumer FICO credit report maintained by you which shows the aforementioned fraudulent   items. I do not recognize the aforementioned accounts, collections, or hard inquiries as   reported. The aforementioned accounts, collections, and hard inquiries appearing on my   consumer credit report maintained by you were not opened, made, or initiated by me. All of the   aforementioned accounts, collections, and hard inquiries are the result of identity theft and   fraud. I have attached a copy of FTC Identity Theft Criminal Complaint #(private case number)   as proof from the US Federal Trade Commission that all of the aforementioned consumer credit   accounts, collections, and hard inquiries are the result of identity theft and fraud. 
  What would be a fair resolution to this issue? (demand for relief): 
  I request, pursuant to FCRA § 605B (15 U.S.C. § 1681c-2), that the TransUnion credit reporting   agency block all of the accounts, collections, and hard inquiries identi fi ed in this CFPB   complaint from my consumer credit  fi le within 4 business days of receiving said complaint. I   request that all written con fi rmation regarding this CFPB complaint be sent to me via email to   the email address (private email address).